2D Terrain Creator

2D Terrain Creator is a useful and easy to use tool that allows you to randomly generate or edit 2D terrains. You can also place different 
prefabs along the terrain. This will allow you to insert trees, bushes, coins, etc. 2D Terrain Creator is an incredible unity extension that 
will be needed in your 2D games.

Features:
-Create 2D bezier curves in the Scene View (Editable Terrain 2D).
-Endless procedural generated terrain (Random Terrain 2D). 
-Add prefabs to the terrain.
-Render just what is on screen.
-Undo all operations if needed.


How to use 2D Terrain Creator:

2D Terrain Creator has two parts.


-Editable Terrain 2D:

In order to modify the terrain shape, you can modify the positions of the dots found along the terrain; you can give it whatever shape you want. 
In addition, you can easily add or delete curves when the dot selected is blue.

Settings Display:
You can select which graphics you want to use (2D or 3D) and you can modify the height and width (in case you are using 3D graphics) of the terrain. 
You can enable the cap and change his height as well. In order to change the materials just drag the new ones in their corresponding fields.

Generation Display:
Here is where you can expand your terrain. If you want to add new curves to the terrain, just click on the "Add Curve" button (curves are always 
added to the right of the selected dot). If you want to delete a curve just click on the "Delete Curve" button (the curve you delete is always the 
one to the right of the selected dot). You can merge curves by deleting the dot that joins them; in order to perform this operation, just click on 
the "Delete Point" button. Everything explained here can only be done when you select the blue dots. 

Prefabs Display:
In order to add a new type of prefab, simply click on "Add Prefab Type". Once you have created it, click on "+" in order to add a clone of that 
prefab to the terrain. If you want to remove a type of prefab just click on the "-".

Selected Control Point Display:
Here you can see the position and the mode of the selected point, if there are any selected. You can also modify its position and mode by changing 
those values.

Selected Prefab Clone Display:
Here you can see the position of the selected prefab clone, if there are any selected. You can also modify its position by changing those values.


-Random Terrain 2D:

Settings Display:
You can select which graphics you want to use (2D or 3D) and you can modify the height and width (in case you are using 3D graphics) of the terrain. 
You can enable the cap and change his height as well. In order to change the materials just drag the new ones in their corresponding fields.

Generation Display:
Terrain is randomly generated between "Min Width" and "Max Width" and between "Min Height" and "Max Height" (in each terrain curve). "Preview Curves" 
are the curves generated in edit mode. Terrain is generated based on the assumption that the camera moves to the right (during play mode).

Prefabs Display: 
In order to add a new type of prefab, you can click on "Add Prefab Type". Once you have created it, you can modify the way its clones are generated 
along the terrain by changing some parameters. Prefab Clones are randomly generated between "Min Repeated Distance" and "Max Repeated Distance". 
You can also create groups of prefab clones by clicking on the "Group" toggle. The group size is randomly generated between "Min Group Size" and 
"Max Group Size". "Group Spacing" defines the space between each prefab clone in the group;


-Camera:

Only what is on screen will be rendered (during play mode).


I hope you enjoy this package. If you have any questions or ideas for new features, please let me know:

Contact (Walon Cab):
waloncab@gmail.com
https://waloncab.wordpress.com


